Add 2022-02-24 agenda and minutes (#48)
solid/notifications-panel: meetings/2022-02-24.md

* Repository: https://github.com/solid/notifications-panel
* Status: Published

## Present
* [Sarven Capadisli](https://csarven.ca/#i)
* TimBL
* Rahul Gupta
* Aaron Coburn

---

## Announcements

### Meeting Recordings and Transcripts
* No audio or video recording, or automated transcripts without consent. Meetings are transcribed and made public. If consent is withheld by anyone, recording/retention must not occur.
* Join queue to talk.

### Participation and Code of Conduct
* [Join the W3C Solid Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/solid/join), [W3C Account Request](http://www.w3.org/accounts/request), [W3C Community Contributor License Agreement](https://www.w3.org/community/about/agreements/cla/)
* [Solid Code of Conduct](https://github.com/solid/process/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md), [Positive Work Environment at W3C: Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/cepc/)
* Operating principle for effective participation is to allow access across disabilities, across country borders, and across time. Feedback on tooling and meeting timing is welcome.
* If this is your first time, welcome! please introduce yourself.

### Scribes
* name

---

> ## Topics

Reviewer: Would it make sense to be more explicit that no notes were taken and that this reflects the agenda but not the discussion?

Author: That's perfect, thanks.

## Topics

> This meeting was not scribed. The topics below reflects only the agenda but not the discussion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This meeting was not scribed. The topics below reflect only the agenda, not the discussion.
```

Reviewer 3: You could argue in fact that there is a  value of the minutes which is proportional to the number of people who did NOT attend!
